"What he hath lost noble Macbeth hath won." - Duncan

"So foul and fair a day I have not seen." - Macbeth

"The thane of Cawdor lives: why do you dress me
In borrow'd robes?" - Macbeth

"If chance will have me king, why, chance may crown me,
Without my stir." - Macbeth

"All hail, Macbeth, thou shalt be king hereafter!" - Third Witch

"...to be king 
stands not within the prospect of belief ... " - Macbeth

"Let us toward the king." - Macbeth

"On which I must fall down, or else o'erleap,
For in my way it lies. Stars, hide your fires;
Let not light see my black and deep desires:
The eye wink at the hand; yet let that be,
Which the eye fears, when it is done, to see." - Macbeth

"shalt be
What thou art promised: yet do I fear thy nature;
It is too full o' the milk of human kindness
To catch the nearest way" - Lady Macbeth

"The raven himself is hoarse
That croaks the fatal entrance of Duncan
Under my battlements. Come, you spirits
That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here,
And fill me from the crown to the toe top-full
Of direst cruelty! make thick my blood;
Stop up the access and passage to remorse,
That no compunctious visitings of nature
Shake my fell purpose, nor keep peace between
The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts,
And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers,
Wherever in your sightless substances
You wait on nature's mischief! Come, thick night,
And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell,
That my keen knife see not the wound it makes,
Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark,
To cry 'Hold, hold!'" - Lady Macbeth

"He that's coming
Must be provided for: and you shall put
This night's great business into my dispatch;" - Lady Macbeth

MACBETH
    If we should fail?
LADY MACBETH
    We fail!
    But screw your courage to the sticking-place,
    And we'll not fail. When Duncan is asleep--
    Whereto the rather shall his day's hard journey
    Soundly invite him--his two chamberlains
    Will I with wine and wassail so convince
    That memory, the warder of the brain,
    Shall be a fume, and the receipt of reason
    A limbeck only: when in swinish sleep
    Their drenched natures lie as in a death,
    What cannot you and I perform upon
    The unguarded Duncan? what not put upon
    His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt
    Of our great quell?
MACBETH
	Will it not be received,
	When we have mark'd with blood those sleepy two
	Of his own chamber and used their very daggers,
	That they have done't?

Macbeth
Is this a dagger which I see before me,
The handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee.
...
I go, and it is done; the bell invites me.
Hear it not, Duncan; for it is a knell
That summons thee to heaven or to hell.


MACBETH
	This is a sorry sight.
Lady Macbeth
	A foolish thought, to say a sorry sight.
    Why did you bring these daggers from the place?
    They must lie there: go carry them; and smear
    The sleepy grooms with blood.
MACBETH
    I'll go no more:
    I am afraid to think what I have done;
    Look on't again I dare not.
Lady MACBETH
	Infirm of purpose!	Give me the daggers!

Lady Macbeth
	My hands are of your colour; but I shame
	To wear a heart so white.
							I hear a knocking